ship with five a great British classic
absolutely delicious
mince vegetables potatoes easy
Olive Oyl
minced lamb still the color on the mince
and it gets rid of that unwanted fat
nothing works in a greasy shepherd's pie
season
great onion
garlic once the vegetables are grated in
there they disintegrate and almost puree
adding great flavor and that's the
secret behind a really good shepherd spy
it's all in the mince what's the sauce
tomato puree
red wine
I'm Rosemarie right now the red wines
evaporated chicken stock in
I cook it out for three or four minutes
no more than that
potatoes match seasoned egg yolks now
secret ingredient Parmesan cheese
quite generous for the parmesan because
that's what gets it really nice and
golden brown now deserve to sit on top
of my mince
good old-fashioned tip just give my mom
a pea
the top 18 to 20 minutes in the other
beautiful
the crispy topping you can see what that
deserves to be a great British classic
shepherd's pie
done